2	Bert Campaneris	once Oakland's master thief, is crouched at shortstop and effortlessly flips	it to second
2	Bert Campaneris	once Oakland's master thief, is crouched at shortstop and	effortlessly scoops up a groundball
2	Bert Campaneris	flips it to second	effortlessly scoops up a groundball
2	Bert Campaneris	once Oakland's master thief, is crouched at shortstop and effortlessly	scoops up a groundball
2	Bert Campaneris	once Oakland's master thief	crouched at shortstop
2	Bert Campaneris	once Oakland's master thief crouched at	shortstop
2	Bert Campaneris	once Oakland's master thief	is crouched at shortstop
2	Bert Campaneris	flips it to second after effortlessly scooping up	a groundball
3	investors	remaining	cautiously on the sidelines
3	traders said the market	remains	dull
3	traders said the market remains	dull with	investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines
3	traders said	the market	remains dull
4	Mr. Sider	pores over last wills and testaments	early in the morning
4	Mr. Sider	an estate lawyer	pores over last wills and testaments
4	an estate lawyer	pores over last wills and testaments	Early in the morning
4	Mr. Sider	early in the morning	pores over last wills and testaments
4	an estate lawyer	pores over last wills and testaments	Mr. Sider
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores	from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. from	Dylex Ltd.
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy	229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. from Dylex Ltd. of Toronto
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	said	it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy	229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. from Dylex Ltd.
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy	229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores
5	a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto	was the seller of	229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy	229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.	a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. from Dylex Ltd. of	Toronto
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	said it agreed to buy	229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores
6	Few people in the advertising business	have raised as many hackles	as Alvin A. Achenbaum
6	Alvin A. Achenbaum	has raised	as many hackles
6	Alvin A. Achenbaum	has raised as many	hackles
7	a passenger	can fly from	Chardon
7	a passenger	can fly from Chardon to Denver	for
7	a passenger	can fly from Chardon to Denver for as little as	$ 89
7	a passenger	can fly from Chardon to Denver for as little as	$ 89 to $ 109
7	Chardon to Denver	for as little as $ 109	according to prices quoted by the company
7	a passenger	can fly from Chardon to	Denver
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed president	and chief executive officer
8	Hani Zayadi	effective Nov. 15 succeeding	Frank Robertson
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed president and chief executive officer of	this financially troubled department store chain
8	Hani Zayadi	effective Nov. 15	succeeding Frank Robertson
8	Hani Zayadi	succeeding Frank Robertson who is	retiring early
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed president and chief executive officer	of this financially troubled department store chain
9	However	the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted	they survive forever
9	once most poison pills are adopted	they survive forever	However
9	the problem is that	they survive forever	once most poison pills are adopted
10	Hungary's Parliament	voted to hold a national referendum	on an election
10	Hungary's Parliament	voted to hold a national referendum on an election	to fill the new post of president
11	those functions	account for only about	a third of the software market
11	In Japan	those functions	account for only about a third of the software market
11	In Japan those functions	account for only about a third	of the software market
12	U.S.	more than half the PC software sold is	for spreadsheets or for database analysis
12	U.S.	more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis	according to Lotus
12	U.S.	more than half the	PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis
12	U.S.	more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or	for database analysis
12	U.S.	according to Lotus	more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis
12	more than half the PC software sold in the U.S. is	for spreadsheets or for database analysis	according to Lotus
12	U.S.	more than half	the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis
13	It	was the most active of the 100 - share index at	8.3 million shares
13	It	was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares 6.5 million of which	were traded by midday
13	It	was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares	6.5 million of which were traded by midday
13	It	was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares traded by	midday
13	6.5 million	were traded by	midday
13	It	was the most active of	the 100 - share index
13	It	was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares 6.5 million of which were traded	by midday
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs	at half the rate of their European counterparts
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs at half the rate of	their European counterparts
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs at	half the rate of their European counterparts
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs at half the rate of their counterparts	and one-third that of the Americans
15	Labor costs	are climbing at	a far more rapid pace
15	Labor costs are climbing	at a far more rapid pace	in the health care industry
15	Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace	in the health care industry	than in other industries
15	Labor costs are climbing	at a far more rapid pace in	the health care industry
16	Mitsubishi	has control of some major projects	at home
16	Mitsubishi	has control of some major projects at	home
16	at home	Mitsubishi has control of	some major projects
16	Meantime	at home	Mitsubishi has control of some major projects
16	Mitsubishi	has control of	some major projects
16	at home Meanwhile	Mitsubishi has control of	some major projects
16	Mitsubishi	has control of some	major projects
17	they	providing general - practitioner services	their main source of income
18	Mr. Mulford	said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been	exaggerated
18	Mr. Mulford	said reports of tension between the Treasury and	Fed have been exaggerated
18	Mr. Mulford	said reports of tension between	the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated
18	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been	exaggerated	insisting that they involved '' nuances . ''
18	nuances	were involved in the tension between the Treasury and Fed that Mr. Mulford said had been	exaggerated
18	Mr. Mulford	said reports of	tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated
18	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed	have been exaggerated	Mr. Mulford said
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between	the world's auto giants
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world's auto giants for	Britain's leading luxury
19	Mr. Ridley 's decision	fires the starting pistol for	perhaps a costly contest
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest	between the world's auto giants
19	Mr. Ridley	fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between	the world's auto giants
19	Mr. Ridley	fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest	between the world's auto giants
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world's auto giants for Britain's	leading luxury-car maker
19	Mr. Ridley	fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world's auto giants for	Britain's leading luxury-car maker
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world's auto giants for Britain's leading	luxury-car maker
19	Mr. Ridley 's decision	fires the starting pistol	for perhaps a costly contest
19	Mr. Ridley 's decision	firing the starting pistol for perhaps a costly	contest
19	Mr. Ridley 's decision	fires the starting pistol for perhaps a	costly contest
20	Mr. Stoll	suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who	has fun breaking into computers
20	Mr. Stoll	suspected	the intruder
20	Mr. Stoll	suspected	the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers
20	the intruder	was one of those precocious students who	has fun breaking into computers
20	the intruder	was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into	computers
20	Mr. Stoll	suspected the intruder was	one of those precocious students
20	Mr. Stoll	suspected the intruder was one of those	precocious students
21	Mr. Broberg	claims he 'd play	for free
21	Mr. Broberg	a lawyer	claims he'd play for free
21	Mr. Broberg	a lawyer	claims he 'd play for free
21	Mr. Broberg	claims	he 'd play for free
22	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	recently announced his intention to	retire next year
22	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	recently announced his intention to retire	next year
24	Richard Newsom	said	he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed
24	Richard Newsom	said he also saw evidence that	crimes had been committed
24	Richard Newsom	said he also saw	evidence that crimes had been committed
24	Richard Newsom	said he also saw evidence	that crimes had been committed
24	Richard Newsom	examined	Lincoln's parent
24	Richard Newsom	examined Lincoln's parent	American Continental Corp.
24	Richard Newsom	a California state official who last year examined Lincoln's parent	American Continental Corp.
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident he	has sufficient votes
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with	procedural actions
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident he has	sufficient votes
25	procedural actions	to block such a measure with	Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident he has sufficient votes to	block such a measure
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident	he has sufficient votes
25	Sen. Mitchell is confident	he has	sufficient votes
26	The Chemical spokeswoman	said	the bank has examined its internal controls
26	The Chemical spokeswoman	said	the bank has examined its methodologies
26	the Chemical spokeswoman said	the bank has examined	its methodologies
27	Lone Star Technologies	is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due but	wasn't paid
27	Lone Star Technologies	is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million	Lone Star Steel pension payment
27	Lone Star Technologies	is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that	was due
27	Lone Star Technologies	is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due but wasn't paid in	September
27	Lone Star Technologies	is jointly responsible for	a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment
28	The National Transportation Safety Board	ruled that pilots failed to make	mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error
28	The National Transportation Safety Board	ruled that pilots failed to	set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from	the average rate at Monday's auction
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to	7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 %
30	The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could	proceed because of	the one-year extension
31	The executives	had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. for	Triangle's chief asset
31	The executives	had profited handsomely by	building American National Can Co.
31	The executives	had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. for Triangle's	chief asset
31	Triangle	chief asset	The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co.
32	by the dollar 's resiliency	the market 's tempo	was helped
33	The office	may also be able to	advise
33	The office	may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on	general matters
33	The office	may also	be able to advise
33	foreign	clients on	international law
33	foreign and multinational	clients on	international law
33	The office	may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on	international law
33	The office	may also be able to advise	foreign and multinational clients
33	The office	may also be able to	advise foreign and multinational clients
33	The office	may also be able to advise foreign and	multinational clients
34	The three existing plants	will be sold	along with their land
34	The three existing plants	will be sold	and their land
35	New York City	announced a 10 -	point policy
35	New York City	announced a 10	- point policy
35	This week	New York City announced a 10 - point policy	patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers
35	New York City	announced a 10 - point	policy
35	New York City	announced a 10 - point policy	patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers
35	New York City	announced a	10 - point policy
35	New York City	announced	a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers
35	This week	New York City announced	a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers
35	New York City	announced	a 10 - point policy
36	Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto	agreed to buy	the headquarters building
36	USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building	and will lease the 19-story facility until it moves to a new quarters	in 1992
36	USG Corp. will lease the 19-story facility	until it moves to a new quarters	in 1992
37	Business across the country	is spending more time addressing this issue	says Sen. Edward Kennedy
37	Business across the country is spending more time addressing	this issue	says Sen. Edward Kennedy
37	Business across the country is spending more time	addressing this issue	says Sen. Edward Kennedy
37	Business	is spending more time addressing this issue	says Sen. Edward Kennedy
37	D.	Mass	says Sen. Edward Kennedy
39	RTC	may have to slow	S&L sales
39	RTC	may have to	dump acquired assets through fire sales
