2	Bert Campaneris	instantaneously flips	it to second
2	Bert Campaneris	instantaneously scoops up	a groundball
2	Bert Campaneris	effortlessly scoops up	a groundball
3	investors	remain cautiously on	the sidelines
3	traders	said	the market remains dull
3	investors	remain cautious on	the sidelines
4	Mr. Sider	pores over	last testaments
4	Mr. Sider	pores over	last wills
5	Edward Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy	229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
5	Edward Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
5	Edward Brothers Stores Inc.	said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy	229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores
6	Four people in the advertising business	have raised	as many hackles
6	Four people in the advertising business	have raised	as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum
7	a passenger	can fly from	Chardon
7	a passenger	can fly for	as little as $ 89 to $ 109
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed president and chief executive officer of	this financially troubled department store chain
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed president of	this financially troubled department store chain
9	most poison pills	are adopted once	they survive forever
10	Hungary's Parliament	voted to hold	a national referendum
10	Hungary's Parliament	voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill	the new post of president
11	Those functions	account for	about a third of the software market
11	Those functions	account for	only about a third of the software market
12	more than half of the PC software sold	is for	calculators
12	more than half of the PC software sold	is	either for spreadsheets
12	more than half the PC software sold	is for	database analysis
12	more than half the PC software sold	is for	calculators
12	more than half of the PC software sold	is for	database analysis
13	It	was the most active of the 100 - share index at	8.3 million shares
13	It	was the most active of	the 100 - share index
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs at	half the rate of their European counterparts
15	Labor costs	are climbing at a far more rapid pace in	the health care industry
15	Labour costs	are climbing at a far more rapid pace in	the health care industry
15	Labor costs	are climbing at	a far more rapid pace
15	Labour costs	are climbing at a far more rapid pace in	other industries
15	Labour costs	are climbing at a far more rapid pace in	other industrie
16	Mitsubishi	has control of	some major projects
16	Motorola	has control of	some major projects
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from treating	cancer patients
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from providing	general - practitioner services
18	mr. Mulford	said	they involved '' nuances
18	Mr. Mulford	said	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated
18	mr. Mulford	said	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires	the starting pistol
19	Mr. Ridley	fires	the starting pistol
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires the starting pistol for	perhaps a costly contest
20	Mr. Stoll	suspicious student	has fun breaking into computers
20	Mr. Stoll	suspects	the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers
22	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	recently announced	his intention to retire next year
22	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	recently announced	his intention to retire
23	Repeat customers	also can purchase	luxury items at reduced prices
23	Repeat customers	also can purchase	luxury items
24	Richard Newsom	said	he also saw evidence
24	Richard Newsom	examined	Lincoln's parent
24	Richard Newsom	said	he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with	procedural actions
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident he has	sufficient votes
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident he	has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident	he has sufficient votes
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident	he has sufficient votes to block such a measure
26	The Chemical spokeswoman	said	the bank has examined its internal controls
26	The Chemical spokeswoman	said	the bank has examined its methodologies
27	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	also asks	the court to rule
27	Lone Star Technologies	is jointly responsible for	a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment
28	pilots	failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected	the error
28	pilots	failed to make	mandatory preflight checks
28	pilots	failed to set	the plane's wing flaps
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from	the average rate at Monday's auction
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from	the average rate
30	suits	that might have been barred because they	were filed too late
30	suits	that might have been barred because	they were filed too late
31	The executives	had profited handsomely by building	American National Can Co.
31	The executives	had profited handsomely by building	American National Can Co
32	The market's tempo	was helped by	the dollar's resiliency
33	The office	may also be able to advise	international clients
33	The office	may also be able to advise	foreign clients
33	The office	may also be able to advise	multinational clients
33	The office	may also be able to advise foreign clients on	international law
33	The office	may also be able to advise foreign clients on	general matters
35	New York City	announced	a 10 - point policy
36	USG Corp.	will lease	the 19 - story facility
36	USG Corp.	agreed to sell	its headquarters building
36	USG Corp.	agreed to sell	his headquarters building
36	USG Corp.	will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in	1992
36	USG Corp.	will lease the 19-story facility until it moves to a new quarters in	1992
37	Business across the country	is spending more time addressing	this issue
39	the RTC	may have to dump acquired assets through	fire sales
39	he	may have to dump acquired assets through	fire sales
39	the RTC	may have to slow	S&L sales
