1	Mr. Lane	said	the filings required under the proposed rules '' will be at least as effective for investors following transactions ''
1	the filings required under	the proposed rules '' will be at least as effective for investors following	transactions
2	Bert Campaneris	instantaneously flips	it to second
2	Bert Campaneris	instantaneously flips it to	second
2	Bert Campaneris	instantaneously scoops up	a groundball
3	investors	remaining cautious on	the sidelines
3	traders	said	the market remains dull despite the modest gains
4	Mr. Sider	pores over	last wills
5	Edward Brothers Stores Inc.	said	it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores
5	Edward Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
6	Most people in the advertising business	have raised	as many hackles
6	Much people in the advertising business	have raised as many hackles as	Alvin A. Achenbaum
7	a passenger	can fly from	Chardon, Neb.
7	a passenger	can fly from Chardon, Neb., to Denver for as little as $ 109 according to	prices quoted by the company
7	a passenger	can fly from Chardon, Neb., to Denver for as little as $ 109 according to prices quoted by	the company
7	a passenger	can fly from Chardon, Neb., to Denver for	as little as $ 89
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed	president of this financially troubled department store chain
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed president of	this financially troubled department store chain
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed president of this financially troubled department store chain effective	effective Nov. 15
9	the problem	is	that once most poison pills are adopted, they survive forever
10	Hungary's Parliament	voted to hold	a national referendum
10	Hungary's Parliament	voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill	the new post of president
10	Hungary's Parliament	voted to hold a national referendum on	an election
11	Those functions	account for only about a third of the software market In	Japan
11	Those functions	account for	only about a third of the software market
12	more than half of the PC software sold	is for	database analysis
12	more than half of the PC software sold	is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis In	the U.S.
13	It	was the most active of the 100 - share index at	8.3 million shares
13	6.5 million of which	were traded by	midday
13	It	was	the most active of the 100 - share index
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs at one-third that of	the Americans
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs at	half the rate
14	Japanese office workers	use	PCs
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs at half the rate of	their European counterparts
15	Labour costs	are climbing at a far more rapid pace in	the health care industry
15	Labour costs	are climbing at	far more rapid pace
15	Labour costs	are climbing at a far more rapid pace in	other industries
16	Mitsubishi	has control of	some major projects
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from treating	cancer patients
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from treating	pregnant women
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from providing	general practitioner services
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from treating	drug addicts
18	mr. Mulford	insisted	that they involved '' nuances
18	mr. Mulford	said	that they involved '' nuances
18	Mr. Mulford	said	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated
18	mr. Mulford	said	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires	the starting pistol
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires the starting pistol for	perhaps a costly contest
20	the intruder	was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into	computers
20	Mr. Stoll	suspect	the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers
21	he	would play for	free
22	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	recently announced	his intention to retire next year
23	Repeat customers	also can purchase luxury items at	reduced prices
23	Repeat customers	also can purchase	luxury items
24	Richard Newsom	last year examined	Lincoln's parent
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with	procedural actions
26	the bank	has examined	its internal controls
26	The Chemical spokeswoman	said	the bank has examined its methodologies
27	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due in September	wasn't paid
27	the parent company	can't recover	the amount
27	the parent company	makes	the payment
27	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	also asks	the court to rule
27	the parent company	can't recover the amount from	its subsidiary
28	pilots	failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected	the error
28	pilots	failed to make	mandatory preflight checks
28	The National Transportation Safety Board	ruled	that pilots failed to set the plane's wing flaps properly for takeoff
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from	the average rate at Monday's auction
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from the average rate at Monday's auction to	7.79 %
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from the average rate at Monday's auction to 7.79 % for	a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 %
30	suits	that might have been barred because they were filed too late	could proceed
31	The executives	had profited handsomely by building	American National Can Co.
32	The market's tempo	was helped by	the dollar's resiliency
33	The office	may also be able to advise foreign clients on	international law
33	The office	may also be able to advise	foreign clients
33	The office	may also be able to advise foreign clients on	general matters
34	The three existing plants	will be sold	and their land will be sold
35	New York City	announced a 10 - point policy This week patterned on	the federal bill of rights for taxpayers
35	New York City	announced	a 10 - point policy This week
36	USG Corp.	will lease the 19-story facility until it moves to a new quarters in	1992
36	USG Corp.	agreed to sell its headquarters building here to	Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto
36	USG Corp.	agreed to sell	its headquarters building
36	USG Corp.	will lease	the 19-story facility
37	Sen. Edward Kennedy	says	Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue
37	Business across the country	is spending more time addressing	this issue
38	I	will throw	80 - plus
38	he	says	I won't be throwing 90 mph
38	he	says	I will throw 80 - plus
39	he	said	the RTC may have to slow  S&L sales  or dump acquired assets through fire sales
