2	Bert Campaneris	instantaneously scoops up	a groundball
3	traders	said	the market remains dull
4	Mr. Sider	pores over	last wills
5	Edward Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
6	Four people in the advertising business	have raised	as many hackles
7	a passenger	can fly from	Chardon, Neb.
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed president and chief executive officer of	this financially troubled department store chain
9	the problem	is that once most poison pills	are adopted
11	Those functions	account for	only about a third of the software market
13	It	was the most active of	the 100 - share index
15	Labour costs	are climbing at a far more rapid pace in	the health care industry
15	Labor costs	are climbing at a far more rapid pace in	the health care industry
15	Labour costs	are climbing at a far more rapid pace in	other industries
16	Mitsubishi	has control of	some major projects
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from treating	cancer patients
18	Mr. Mulford	said	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires	the starting pistol
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires the starting pistol for	perhaps a costly contest
22	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	recently announced	his intention to retire next year
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident	he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions
26	The Chemical spokeswoman	has examined	its internal controls
26	The Chemical spokeswoman	said	the bank has examined its internal controls
26	The Chemical spokeswoman	said	the bank has examined its methodologies
27	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for	a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment
28	pilots	failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected	the error
28	pilots	failed to set	the plane's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from	the average rate at Monday's auction
30	suits	that might have been barred because	they were filed too late
31	The executives	had profited handsomely by building	American National Can Co.
32	The market's tempo	was helped by	the dollar's resiliency
33	The office	may also be able to advise	international clients
33	The office	may also be able to advise foreign clients on	general matters
33	The office	may also be able to advise foreign clients on	international law
35	New York City	announced	a 10 - point policy
36	USG Corp.	agreed to sell	his headquarters building
39	he	may have to dump acquired assets through	fire sales
