1	Mr. Lane	said	the filings required under the proposed rules '' will be at least as effective for investors following transactions ''
1	the filings required under	the proposed rules '' will be at least as effective for investors following	transactions
2	Bert Campaneris	once	Oakland's master thief
2	Bert Campaneris	effortlessly flips up	a groundball
2	Bert Campaneris	flipped it to	second
2	Bert Campaneris	effortlessly scoops up	a groundball
3	investors	remaining cautious on	the sidelines
3	traders	said	the market remains dull
3	traders	said	the market remains dull despite the modest gains
3	investors	remaining cautious on the sidelines despite	the modest gains
4	Mr. Sider	pores over	last testaments
4	Mr. Sider	pores over	last wills
5	Edward Brothers Stores Inc.	said	it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores
5	229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores	from	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
6	Limited people in the advertising business	have raised as many hackles as	Alvin A. Achenbaum
6	Limited people in the advertising business	have raised	as many hackles
7	a passenger	can fly from	Chardon, Neb., to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109
7	a passenger	can fly from Chardon, Neb., to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 according to	prices quoted by the company
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed chief executive officer of	this financially troubled department store chain
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed	president of this financially troubled department store chain
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed president of	this financially troubled department store chain
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed president of this financially troubled department store chain effective	effective Nov. 15
9	the problem	is that once most poison pills are adopted	they survive forever
10	Hungary's Parliament	voted to hold	a national referendum
10	Hungary's Parliament	voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill	the new post of president
10	Hungary's Parliament	voted to hold a national referendum on	an election
11	Those functions	account for	only about a third of the software market
11	Those functions	account for	only about a third of the software market In Japan
12	more than half of the PC software sold in the U.S.	is for	database analysis
13	It	was the most active of the 100 - share index at	8.3 million shares
13	6.5 million of which	were traded by	midday
13	It	was	the most active of the 100 - share index
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs at one-third that of	the Americans
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs at	half the rate
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs at half the rate of	their European counterparts
15	Labor costs	are climbing at a far more rapid pace in	the health care industry
15	Labor costs	are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in	other industries
15	Labor costs	are climbing at	a far more rapid pace
16	Mitsubishi	has control of	some major projects At home
16	Mitsubishi	has control of	some major projects
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from providing	general practitioner services
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from treating	pregnant women
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from treating	drug addicts
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from treating	patients
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from treating	cancer patients
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from carrying out surgery	their main source of income
18	mr. Mulford	said	they involved '' nuances
18	mr. Mulford	insisted	'' nuances
18	Mr. Mulford	said	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated
18	mr. Mulford	said	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires	the starting pistol
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires the starting pistol for	perhaps a costly contest
20	the intruder	was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into	computers
20	Mr. Stoll	suspect	the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers
20	the intruder	was	one of those precocious students
21	he	would play for	free
22	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	recently announced	his intention to retire next year
22	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	announced his intention to retire next year	though not necessarily to end his influence
23	Repeat customers	also can purchase luxury items at	reduced prices
23	Repeat customers	also can purchase	luxury items
24	he	also saw evidence that crimes	had been committed
24	Richard Newsom	said	he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed
24	Richard Newsom	last year examined	Lincoln's parent
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with	procedural actions
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident he has	sufficient votes
26	the bank	has examined	its internal controls
26	The Chemical spokeswoman	said	the bank has examined its internal controls
26	The Chemical spokeswoman	said	the bank has examined its methodologies
26	the bank	has examined	its methodologies
27	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due in	September
27	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for	a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment
28	mandatory preflight checks	would have detected	the error
28	pilots	failed to make	mandatory preflight checks
28	The National Transportation Safety Board	ruled	that pilots failed to set the plane's wing flaps properly for takeoff
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from the average rate at Monday's auction to 7.79 % for	a bond
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from	the average rate
31	The executives	had profited handsomely by building	American National Can Co.
32	The market's tempo	was helped by	the dollar's resiliency
33	The office	may also be able to advise foreign clients on	international law
33	The office	may also be able to advise	foreign clients
33	The office	may also be able to advise foreign clients on	general matters
34	The three existing plants	will be sold	and their land will be sold
35	New York City	announced	a 10 - point policy
35	New York City	announced a 10 - point policy This week	patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers
36	USG Corp.	will lease the facility until it moves to	a new quarters
36	USG Corp.	will lease the facility until it moves to a new quarters in	1992
36	USG Corp.	agreed to sell	its headquarters building
36	USG Corp.	will lease	the 19-story facility
37	 Business across the country	is spending more time addressing	this issue
38	I	won't be throwing 90 mph	but I will throw 80 - plus
38	he	says	I will throw 80 - plus
39	he	said	the RTC may have to slow  S&L sales  or dump acquired assets through fire sales
