1	Mr. Lane	said	the filings required under the proposed rules will be at least as effective for investors following transactions
1	Mr. Lane	said	the filings required under the proposed rules '' will be at least as effective for investors following transactions ''
1	the filings required under the proposed rules	'',will be at least as effective for investors following	transactions
1	the filings required under the proposed rules ''	will be at least as effective for investors following	transactions
1	the filings required under	the proposed rules '' will be at least as effective for	investors following transactions
1	the filings required under the proposed rules	will be at least as effective for investors following	transactions
2	Bert Campaneris	effortlessly scoops up	a groundball
2	Bert Campaneris	was once	Oakland's master thief
2	Bert Campaneris	flips it to	second
2	Bert Campaneris	flips it to	second base
2	Bert Campaneris	might have been	crouched at shortstop
2	Bert Campaneris	might have been	Oakland's master thief
3	investors	remaining cautiously on	the sidelines
3	traders	said	the market remains dull
3	traders	said	the market remains dull despite the modest gains
3	the market	is	dark
4	Mr. Sider	pores over last wills in	the morning
4	Mr. Sider	pores over	last testaments
4	Mr. Sider	pores over last wills	and testaments
4	Mr. Sider	pores over last wills and testaments	Early in the morning
4	Mr. Sider	pores over	last wills
5	Edge Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
5	Edward Brothers Stores Inc.	said	it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	said	it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores
5	Edison Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
5	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.	a unit of	Dylex Ltd. of Toronto
5	Edward Brothers Stores Inc.	agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
5	it	agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from	Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp.
5	Edge Brothers Stores Inc.	said	it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores
6	Four people in the advertising business	have raised as many hackles as	Alvin A. Achenbaum
6	Six people in the advertising business	have raised as many hackles as	Alvin A. Achenbaum
6	Five people in the advertising business	have raised	as many hackles
6	Five people in the advertising business	have raised	so many hackles
6	Four people in the advertising business	have raised	as many hackles
6	Five people in the advertising business	have raised as many hackles as	Alvin A. Achenbaum
6	Six people in the advertising business	have raised	as many hackles
7	a passenger	can fly from Chardon, Neb., to Denver for as little as $ 109 according to	prices quoted by the company
7	a passenger	can fly from Chardon, Neb., to Denver for	as little as $ 109
7	a passenger	can fly from Chardon, Neb., to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 according to	prices quoted by the company
7	a passenger	can fly from Chardon, Neb., to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 according to	the prices quoted by the company
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed president of	this financially troubled department store chain chain
8	Hani Zayadi	was	appointed president of this financially troubled department store chain
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed president of	this financially troubled department store chain
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed	chief executive officer
8	Hani Zayadi	was appointed chief executive officer of	this financially troubled department store chain
9	the problem	is that once most poison pills are adopted, they survive for	ever
9	the problem	is that once most poison pills are adopted	they survive forever
10	Hungry's Parliament	voted to hold	a national referendum
10	Hungry's Parliament	voted to hold a national referendum on	an election
10	Hungry's Parliament	voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill	the new post of president
10	Hungary's Parliament	voted to hold	a national referendum
10	Hungary's Parliament	voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill	the new post of president
10	Hungary's Parliament	voted to hold a national referendum on	an election
11	these functions	account for	only about a third of the software market
11	these functions	represent	only about a third of the software market
11	that functions	account for only about a third of the software market In	Japan
11	these functions	account for only about a third of the software market In	Japan
11	that functions	account for	only about a third of the software market
11	these functions	represent only about a third of the software market In	Japan
12	more than half the PC software sold in the U.S.	is for	calculators
13	It	was	the most active 100 - share index
13	6.5 million of which	were traded by	midday
13	It	was the most active of the 100 - share index at	8.3 million shares
13	It	was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares	at midday
13	It	was	the most active of the 100 - share index
13	It	was the most active of	the 100 - share index
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs at	half the rate
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs at one - third that of	the Americans
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs at half the rate of	their European counterparts
14	Japanese office workers	use PCs at	one-third that of the Americans
14	Japanese office workers	use	PCs
15	Labour costs	are climbing at a far more rapid pace in	the health care industry
15	Labour costs	are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in	other industries
15	Labour costs	are climbing at	a far more rapid pace
15	Labour costs	are climbing at a far more rapid pace in	other industries
16	Mitsubishi	has control of	some major projects At home
16	Mitsubishi	has control of	some major projects
16	Mitsubishi	has control of	some major projects at home
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from carrying out surgery	cancer patients
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from providing	general practitioner services
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from providing general practitioner services in	the U.S.S.R.
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from carrying out	operations
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from treating	drug addicts
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from treating	cancer patients
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from providing general practitioner services	are banned from carrying out surgery
17	Medical cooperatives	are banned from providing general practitioner services	are banned from providing general practitioner services
18	Mr. Mulford	said	they involved '' nuances
18	Mr. Mulford	said	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated
18	Mr. Mulford	said	they involved nuances
18	they	implied	'' nuances
18	they	implied	nuances
18	Mr. Mulford	said	that they involved '' nuances
18	reports of tension between	the Treasury and Fed	have been exaggerated
18	Mr. Mulford	said	that they involved nuances
19	perhaps a costly contest	between	the world's auto giants
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires	the starting pistol
19	perhaps a costly contest	between the world's auto giants for	Britain's leading luxury car maker
19	perhaps a costly contest	between the world's auto giants for	Britain's leading luxury - car maker
19	Mr. Ridley's decision	fires the starting pistol for	perhaps a costly contest
20	Mr. Stoll	suspected	the intruder was one of those precocious students
20	the intruder	was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into	computers
20	the intruder	had fun breaking into	computers
20	Mr. Stoll	suspected	the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers
20	the intruder	was one of those precocious students who has	fun breaking into computers
20	the intruder	was	one of those precocious students
21	he	'd play for	free
21	Mr. Broberg	claims he 'd play for free	now
21	Mr. Broberg	claims he 'd play for	free
22	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	recently announced	his intention to retire next year
22	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	recently announced his intention to end	his influence
22	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end	his influence
22	Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew	added his intention to retire next year to end	his influence
23	Repeated customers	also can purchase	luxury items
23	Repeat customers	also can purchase luxury items at	reduced prices
23	Repeat customers	also can purchase	luxury items
23	Repeated customers	also can purchase luxury items at	reduced prices
24	Richard Newsom	last year examined	Lincoln's parent American Continental Corp.
24	a California state official	examined Lincoln's parent American Continental Corp.	last year
24	he	examined	Lincoln's parent
24	a California state official	examined	Lincoln's parent American Continental Corp.
24	Richard Newsom	said	he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed
24	Richard Newsom	last year examined	Lincoln's parent
24	he	also saw evidence that crimes had been committed	last year
24	he	examined	Lincoln's parent American Continental Corp.
24	crimes	had been committed	last year
24	he	also saw	evidence
25	Sen. Mitchell	is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with	procedural actions
25	he	has sufficient votes to block	such a measure
25	he	has	sufficient votes
25	he	has sufficient votes to block such a measure with	procedural actions
25	Sen. Mitchell	is	confident
26	the bank	has examined	its internal controls
26	The Chemical spokeswoman	said	the bank has examined its internal controls
26	The Chemical spokeswoman	said	the bank has examined its methodologies
26	the bank	has examined	its methodologies
27	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due in	September
27	a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment	was due in	September
27	the parent company	can't recover	the amount
27	the parent company	makes	the payment
27	the parent company	can't recover the amount from	its subsidiary
27	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	also asks	the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment
27	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for	a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment
28	pilots	failed to make	mandatory preflight checks
28	The National Transportation Safety Board	ruled that pilots failed to set the plane's slats properly for	takeoff
28	pilots	fail to make	mandatory preflight checks
28	pilots	failed to make	must-have checks
28	The National Transportation Safety Board	ruled	that pilots failed to set the plane's wing flaps properly for takeoff
28	The National Transportation Safety Board	ruled	that pilots failed to set the plane's slats properly for takeoff
28	pilots	failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected	the error
28	mandatory preflight checks	would have detected	the error
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from the average rate at Monday's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of	8.04 %
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from the average rate at Monday's auction to	7.79 %
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from the average rate at	Monday's auction
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from	Monday's auction
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from the average rate at Monday's auction to 7.79 % for	a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 %
29	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	rose slightly from	the average rate
30	suits	were	barred
30	The effect	is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of	the one - year extension
30	suits	were filed	too late
30	suits	could proceed because of	the one - year extension
31	The executives	had profited handsomely by building	American National Can Co.
32	The market's tempo	was helped by	the dollar's resiliency
32	the market's tempo	was helped by	the dollar's resiliency
32	He	said	The market's tempo was helped by the dollar's resiliency
32	the dollar's resiliency	helped	the market's tempo
32	he	said	The market's tempo was helped by the dollar's resiliency
33	The office	may also be able to advise	foreign clients
33	The office	may also be able to advise multinational clients on	general matters
33	The office	may also be able to advise on	general matters
33	The office	may also be able to advise foreign clients on	international law
33	The office	may also be able to advise foreign clients on	general matters
33	The office	may also be able to advise	french clients
34	The three existing plants	will be sold	independently
34	The three existing plants	will be sold	and their land
34	The three existing plants	will be sold	and their land will be sold
35	New York City	announced a 10 - point policy This week patterned on	the federal bill of rights for taxpayers
35	New York City	announced a 10 - point policy This week patterned on the federal bill of rights for	taxpayers
35	New York City	announced	a 10 - point policy
35	New York City	announced a 10 - point policy This week patterned on the federal bill of rights for	takers
35	New York City	announced a 10-point policy This week patterned on the federal bill of rights for	taxpayers
36	USG Corp.	will lease	the 19 - story facility
36	USG Corp.	will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to	a new quarters
36	USG Corp.	agreed to sell	its headquarters building
36	USG Corp.	agreed to sell its headquarters building here to	Matrix Life Insurance Co. of Toronto
36	USG Corp.	agreed to sell its headquarters building here to	Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto
36	USG Corp.	will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to	a new quarters in 1992
36	USG Corp.	agreed to sell its headquarters building here to	Madeners Life Insurance Co. of Toronto
37	Business across the country	is spending more time addressing	this issue
38	he	says	I won't be throwing 90 mph
38	he	will throw	80 - plus ''
38	he	will throw	80 - plus
38	he	says	I will throw 80 - plus
38	he	says	I will throw 80 - plus ''
39	the RTC	may have to dump	acquired assets
39	the RTC	may have to slow	S&L sales
39	he	said	'' If working capital financing is not provided ''
39	the RTC	may have to dump	acquired assets through fire sales
39	the RTC	may have to slow  S&L sales  or dump acquired assets through	fire sales
39	he	said	the RTC may have to slow  S&L sales  or dump acquired assets through fire sales  If working capital financing is not provided 
40	an official	says	an official close to the case who asked not to be named
40	an official	asked not to be named	but to be named
40	an official	says	'' Nobody told us ; nobody called us ''
40	an official	asked not to be named	in the case
40	an official	says	Nobody told us ; nobody called us
